<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<!-- Anne Morency, Project 2 -->
<reference id="default-user-accounts">
    <title>Default user accounts</title>
    <shortdesc>IBM StoredIQ comes with a set of default user accounts. </shortdesc>
   <prolog>
       <metadata>
           <keywords conkeyref="indexKey/inDefAccts"></keywords>
       </metadata>
   </prolog>
    <refbody> 
    <section>
        <title></title>
        <p>For security reasons, change the passwords for these default accounts after the installation is complete so that they are unique and 
           different from the default values. The new password must be 8 to 64 characters long and must contain characters from at least three 
           of these categories: </p>
        <ul>
            <li>Uppercase letters: A - Z</li>
            <li>Lowercase letters: a - z </li>
            <li>Digits: 0 - 9 </li>
            <li>Punctuation marks or special characters: . : = * ˆ / $ # _ + @ &amp; % -</li>
        </ul>
        <simpletable frame="all">
            <sthead>
                <stentry>Account</stentry>
                <stentry>Default password</stentry>
                <stentry>Description</stentry>
            </sthead>
            <strow>
                <stentry><codeph>admin</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry><codeph>admin</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry>
                    <p>
                        Administrative account for accessing IBM StoredIQ Data Server. Use this account for the initial setup of the data server 
                        and to create further administrative accounts for routine administration. 
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        Change the password in IBM StoredIQ Data Server under <b>Administration > Configuration > Manage users</b>.
                    </p>
                </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><codeph>audituser</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry><codeph>Passw0rd!</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry>
                    <p>
                        Account for accessing the audit database on the AppStack. 
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        Change the password by running the <b>change_audituser_password</b> script as <codeph>siqadmin</codeph> user on the AppStack.             
                    </p>
                </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><codeph>builder</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry>None. Password is set during initial configuration.
                </stentry>
                <stentry>
                    <p>
                        Account for setting up and configuring the Elasticsearch cluster. 
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        You can change the password by using the Linux <b>passwd</b> command.              
                    </p>
                </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><codeph>reportuser</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry><codeph>St0red1q
                </codeph></stentry>
                <stentry>
                    <p>
                        Account for accessing the report database on the AppStack. 
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        Change the password by running the <b>change_reportuser_password</b> script as <codeph>siqadmin</codeph> user on the AppStack.                
                    </p>
                </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><codeph>siqadmin</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry><codeph>Passw0rd!
                </codeph></stentry>
                <stentry>
                    <p>
                        Administrative account for managing the AppStack server. For more information, see the administration guide.  
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        With new installations, you are prompted for a new password during the initial configuration of the AppStack. In updated deployments, change the password by using the Linux <b>passwd</b> command.                 
                    </p>
                </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><codeph>superadmin</codeph></stentry>
                <stentry><codeph>admin
                </codeph></stentry>
                <stentry>
                    <p>
                        Administrative account for accessing IBM StoredIQ Administrator and IBM StoredIQ Data Server. Use this account for the initial setup of IBM StoredIQ and to create further administrative accounts for routine administration so that their actions can be audited.   
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        Change the password in IBM StoredIQ Administrator: go to <b>Users</b> and edit the <codeph>superadmin</codeph> account.                 
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        The <codeph>superadmin</codeph> account has access to all IBM StoredIQ applications on the application stack. To switch applications, click the triangle arrow icon and select the application that you want to access from the list of the available applications.
                    </p>
                </stentry>
            </strow>
        </simpletable>
    </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
